c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Forum.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Forum.Tests.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Forum.Tests.pdb
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Forum.Domain.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Forum.Domain.pdb
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\obj\Debug\Forum.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\obj\Debug\Forum.Tests.dll
c:\users\błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.Tests\obj\Debug\Forum.Tests.pdb
