c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Forum.WebUI.dll.config
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Forum.WebUI.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Forum.WebUI.pdb
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Forum.Domain.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Forum.Domain.pdb
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\obj\Debug\Forum.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\obj\Debug\Forum.WebUI.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\obj\Debug\Forum.WebUI.pdb
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Błażej\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Forum\Forum.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
